Why do you do it?
Why because of you
And you
Make me lose everything that belonged to me
Brother, stop it
You want this back to me?
I'll give it to you.
Brother hahahaha
What a long-lost title
Married family, don't be hypocritical anywhere
What did you give me?
It belongs to me
No matter how nice you say it, I know
This is your excuse
Cheng Jiarou, you keep saying that it is for my own good
Did you ask me?
Did you give me what I wanted?
Freedom, glory and wealth
This is what you want.
Not what I want
It was my throne
Helping you behind your back
Smooth the obstacles for you
Make suggestions for you
Received the favor of the father
And you are not cheap with Liu
Why?
Cheng Shuyu
Can you stop being so opinionated?
You deserve it.
I've already told you
Why don't you believe it? Believe it.
Did he ever believe me?
Shi Yun told him that I have the ability to make him reuse it.
And he refused.
Why is that?
Because he was afraid I would threaten his throne
No brother, it's not like this.
All liars
I will make you pay back a hundredfold
brother